do you think about naim darrechi and oh Tom
Gameplay what fantasy is this in her
live today Aby was criticizing that
people like some
tiktokers or like her are canceled more, who are
canceled for making jokes or for a
comment and then people who have
done more serious things do not receive the
same hate that she is talking about, I mean
literally Maybe you perceive that they
are canceling you more than anyone else
but literally everything is canceled
equally I think but in fact if the
hypocrite is her that she however
then gets together with the racist from lanú and
goes to the event she invites him to her house her
Setup look at the examples that
naim darrechi gives and the Town gameplayer like
but when one did not leave at what point has
Anaís darrechi or Town Gameplays not been funned
at what point because as far as I
know they have been funned when they have had to be
funned very calmly that is why
I always say when they are funned I
understand that many people, many
people have a very bad opinion of me
for example Because if  you only
get things that go viral badly
that you are going to have a negative opinion of a
person
when you get these things then you are going to
think worse and not everyone takes or I mean
spends two minutes to inform themselves
before forming a vision of something or
forming a personal opinion You know,
from the networks it works like this for
a lot of people and you don't want to be
eaten on networks you always have to try to
give your best version and give your best
image in the moment when you don't give it the people go
viral that and people who don't
know you are left with that in the end you are going
to show in most occasions
how you are yes it is true and this must be
recognized that the bad goes viral more
than the good right now for
example Abby suddenly in her live
this afternoon has a nice gesture with a
fan or a follower a follower
who is sick at home and Aby
surprises her and sends her a video
surprise for her birthday
suddenly she comes on a bad day Post a
comment She takes a comment badly she
starts insulting someone in her chat you
scavenger that you are bro that's what
sells but it is not it is not  that what is what there is is
like that you know So you have to be
very careful not to screw up it
's never impossible not to do it it's never
impossible I think that all of us who
are in this have had some kind of
screw up everything or rather my own I could have had a
thousand of mine where it happened to me
saying something ugly to someone or
insulting someone you know for sure for
sure the person that
the networks most obviously don't forgive so
easily if you are x or if then they are there and
you get into their comments and well let's
see what you see because well it's much worse
to insult back sometimes or to throw
little digs than to publicly say that you
[ __ ] inside people telling them that you
are sterile or without telling them here I
agree with Aby it seems to me that a
person like inda Richi
immediately after saying that has to be
cancelled from the internet she
is a person who cannot be
influenza or dedicate herself to that yes it is
true that on the other hand in the case of
naim darrechi I see cases other things
other cases worse than me for example of
comments like that to me the one that
seems the worst is the one of the one who crashes because the one who
crashes there is no reason  where to get it
from nadi look at what I'm telling you it's not that
I'm making a justification but it
seems to me that it's not real that he did
that or that Nanita thing I think he's an
idiot and that he said it because in his
head they are spectacular like when
I posted the tweet about the two girls
comment that at the time it
seemed to you that you came up with that joke And you
know but it's that I don't even believe that he
did it He's never a little boy who's also an
idiot and I think that I think there's the
possibility that he said that and it
wasn't true but for example the "
collide" I see it worse Those tricks eh How to
get it I have a friend who is dedicated he does
n't drink and then he dedicates himself and has a
good time taking you drunk Yes
yes To troubled waters
fishermen's profit all the drunks you know
normally if the girl was fine the
girl would see you as a four but it's a
trick because she sees you as a 7 because she's
all high you're not there that you
fall down the I mean it's tremendous
comments shocks and then on top of that he makes
fun of people today saying
that it was a montage taken out of
context Irene Montero that that that
was And look, I am the most
critical of the little poems and Irene Montero
and all this no but it's that you that you
put intelligence of people saying
that it was a montage that you in reality
was a Speed ​​that you had prepared so that
the kids to make them see the
kids not to drink man let's see Don't
laugh at us eh And for me the choca
after that comment It should be
a person Out canceled yesterday
just he was saying another other
barbarity and he will say barbarity is worse eh I
mean the chocas The day will come when he will say
in front of his audience still some
barbarity much worse and people will
justify it There will be people who will
justify it Why Because the vast
majority of the population is like that with that
thinking we need to put I mean
one thing is a streamer who is dedicated to
playing video games to react to videos
and not get into that type of opinions and in
that type of messages but when it comes to
putting someone  that launches those types of
messages you have to put someone that
the kids are going to respect
and he can influence what he says can
influence the kids that it is someone
who launches messages Well to change the
mentality of the largest percentage of
society that we have because normally
people like that are the ones that get the most
applause and more I have said it many the
largest percentage of the population is
[ __ ] there is a higher percentage of the
world's population that is short than intelligent that is why the
most intelligent
in the world are the ones who succeed the most in
millionaire businesses I don't know what you know
because they are the ones that stand out And that is how it is
we are in a society that the guy
says that and the next day it happens and a
person is canceled everything is canceled eh I
mean it is talked about as clever the day they live
the day they give him to leave it was talked about and it
went super viral I mean in fact it
seems to me much more viral than
any comment that has been
made about Avi one
that bothers you much more And you are going to harass
a person who returns a chick much more than
someone who hasn't  done
any little flea what
Abby is saying is a lie, she was not canceled much more
but she has done something illegal that should
be solemnly punished as a
society and as already rights and trials
and really seriously really you are so
childish Oh but it's that not to me she
made a pullita to me then I have to get
angrier more because man You are 12
mentally years old and so interested that if a
streamer or an influencer or tiktoker
whatever says a [ __ ] crushing them and
harassing them to illogical points I think you
should have the same weight When
someone does something like that, we as
the public have a weight to do
something about it when that
public figure has made a palliative or has
openly said that she is one or something like
that, let me explain. I don't think that either of
the two should crush anyone, I agree with you
at a certain point in the end if there is
a part of the public that does not want to leave
Although the person to whom yes, the one you
are giving money to, Their wealth, you are making
the situation worse if you want to
continue following them despite  that it is
sexual abuse despite the fact that x things, well
no, nothing can be done as an
individual about it, no And
why harass him, it is a very
big, very broad debate like the other day we
were reacting to Jordi Wild's video
a long time ago and the
name came up, what was his name,
how was he completely acquitted of the
situation, it's
just that no. Look at the whole
Gameplay, I personally don't remember
the case 100%, I don't remember what I
thought at the time and what I said in the
videos that I made and so on. But
honestly, I think there is something there
that is not right. I know that the fight that
happened, there is no presumption of innocence and
such, look, I have explained it Precisely in
three salseo the presumption of innocence
is something that must
always be kept in mind why Because it is in
the country's constitution No, but the one who
has to apply the presumption of
innocence are the judges, the presumption
of innocence in fact is something that has to be
executed,
the judges must keep in mind
Imagine a trial where someone comes
and says that a girl comes and says that
this man raped her, the judge at
least here in Spain I don't know in other
countries how it will work okay the judge holds
the trial with the public prosecutor with
the witnesses with the evidence they have I don't
know what and based on all the evidence
the judge says it's black and white
It's that this guy has raped this girl
because I because I think that up until now it would
fit me how about And it's black and white I
have it very clear but he can't
convict to convict there has to be
irrefutable evidence the
irrefutable evidence So I'm going to think of
a very complicated case the example
that I have given I think has been the worst
not an irrefutable case it would be there are
security cameras that are watching you
enter and leave after 5 minutes it fits
with the girl's story and in addition to
that there is some medical evidence that they affirm
and that coincides with what they are
describing to you and with the aggression that you
are, I mean there is quite a lot of
irrefutable evidence but if there is nothing I mean imagine there is
no  security cameras, no
video, no evidence that you were
together So it just
fits you, you can't condemn I'll give you
another example okay someone steals
this bottle from me and there's a trial because the person who
stole the bottle painted it
with pink watercolor instead of
red and I recognize the bottle because it's
the only bottle in the world that has this shape
and then in court you
show the bottle and he says no no it's not that
the bottle Look you've heard it a
little bit and you can see that it has red and the
other guy says yeah but this bottle is
mine there You think there were no others
in the world and there's another one just like it How do
you prove that the bottle was yours It
has a serial number You have a video
that he steals the bottle and the judge
Maybe he says Damn but the bottle
is the same Obviously what he did was
paint it you can't condemn
Innocence comes first It has to
be something that you can condemn Even if the
judge has it very clear and at home he
says the bottle is his He stole it We are not
stupid, the bottle is his  you have
stolen for you to be convicted you have to
have something that is indisputable and in
Tao's case the presumption of innocence
Yes, man, of course I'm not
going to put the label on him that Dallas put on him,
for example, no, Dallas doesn't
usually mince words when it comes to putting
labels, or I say labels, you know what
I mean No, I'm not going to put the
labels But I am Town and I am very
innocent, I have Of course they
make those videos to me and I report but
every single thing that I can report Because if
that's a lie, I, who am not a lawyer,
find several civil and
criminal violations What's up with that guy? No, he hasn't
reported that, but no, not only at the
legal level, dismantling the video because there are
many times when there are people
who say, it's not that since I'm
reporting, I'm not responsible because I'm
reporting, that's lies, at most, so as
not to give them a clue as to where you're going with
the strategy of the complaint, you
wait for you to report to answer,
but for you to file the complaint and then
publicly, damn, they're calling you a
jerk. What they're calling you bad because they
're calling you publicly,
go out and clean up your  image that does not affect
a trial at all that affects a
trial at all it is absurd that you
tell me no, it is that right now I cannot
speak on the subject because there is a
pending trial that is that you have no arguments that is that you
have no argument to
dismantle the accusations that are being made against you
what happens is that
legally you do have the possibility of being released
because or of winning because legally
things work differently but there
is nothing that intercedes in a trial if
someone is slandering you or has
accused you of false things because you
go public clear your image
when they have told you something very serious but
this for all the cases that you are
seeing eh I mean if there is a case of
theft if there is a case of someone who
is calling someone a thief the one who does not
come out to speak publicly it is because no
without more now you are making the
excuse that it is not that the
courts are there and I cannot speak because
the courts are there it does not matter the courts are there
the judge will decide in parallel But you
in the media Damn They are accusing you of
being evil for being a you defend yourself
apart from what sells in the trial they
defend you publicly  okay And he didn't do either
one thing or the other so I'm not
going to accuse him Now I as a spectator
have the right to believe one thing or the
other of what is being talked about now the
presumption of innocence Yes of course
and the judges are the ones who apply it okay
But knowing how to say things and what
words to use and what way to
affirm or not affirm you can speak and
you can use freedom of expression and
above all freedom of thought
imagine the fact that you
believe yourself a victim What happens you have to
lie because the accused has not been
convicted you can say Hey well I
believe her I don't accuse him But
honestly to me what you are telling
This person is like the case of Dani
Alves the Dani Alves case I believe the
victim or alleged victim alleged
victim the girl has already made three
testimonies she has told things as they are
in And on top of that the testimonies
coincide with the security cameras
that obviously the security cameras do
not go inside the bathroom but they coincide
perfectly the story and they enter and leave
the bathroom the way the girl has of
leaving the bathroom as she has  the clothes The
DNA test the clothes at the police station
match her story he
has contradicted himself between certificates in each
one of them there is a judge who has
sentenced him to prison without bail I accuse
him I do not use it now I sincerely
believe what the girl is saying Until
the contrary is proven the other
thing is like what Aby says that we
related it the other time no what
Javi said no no I always believe myself a
victim presumption of guilt that was It was
In fact what the name we
gave him I do not prefer to believe a
possible liar than a possible
rapist that I prefer to believe the victim
first always because it is better to believe
a liar first than a possible
abuser then you start to think and
probably someone I like His
content has been canceled Rightly and
in truth he is half a person but
in the end if you are a big fan of something
saying that it is very difficult to let go
is giving up the good times that it
gives you for your morals it is something bad not
because there are many people who There are few
things that he likes can give
that up  It is of great value But
I see it differently in the case of
influencers, let's see one thing is that
you Imagine that suddenly there is a
film director who is an abuser but
the movies are incredible you can
separate the art from the person you go to
see the movie the work that he has
done you may like this mobile you like
the mobile you like the technology
of the mobile How it sounds How how it works
and now it turns out that the one who created it built it it
is a voice that you like the
mobile a singer you like the
songs you can separate it from the music The
art from the person Yes now in a
streamer I don't see it the same in a teach
Soccer I don't see it the same you are
with me not only for the content
but because you like being with me in
fact we have a relationship that I
never remember the name What is it
called Always What is the name of the type
of relationship that we have that you
know me but you don't stop
social exactly
what is it that that guy does play in the
end Freddy's that Well go to another
video game that surely you will find
another one that also You have fun with the
games you know but  It's not the same in the
case of an influencer, I don't see that it's the
same, I mean, you're there supporting
that guy doing what's not the same. I don't
know, personally, when someone has
messed up a lot, I try to
completely disengage, it's not for example if
tomorrow Doja, what an obvious agent, to
people who didn't want to be my biggest
effort is to stop listening to
absolutely nothing about her or the same. It
's not the same as music. A song as
the Stream, you follow me, you're here
with me day to day, you ask me how I'm
doing with my nose job, you like to
see me grow, you like the achievements or you
entertain yourselves with me, I mean, if suddenly
I were any of these things that, I mean,
I don't understand the people who are there
with Gameplay and sending him a super chat
and sending him a message and hehehe You're the
best, putting comments on the
videos, it doesn't make sense at the same time, of
course, Michael Jackson once he's
dead, the ones you feel his, but
really there are many times when there are x
singers, don't think badly, singers that I
've stopped listening to and if a
song of his comes out, I tried it  skip through
threads I've read and things that have come
out And such But I don't know it's very
complicated man that's why you just listen to music
but it has nothing to do with your
personal life Yeah because in the end you are
personally giving wealth to someone who
is a person you know look in
jail you also work I mean in
jail you can take and you can have
nothing or in jail you can work
jail can work to buy your
food to buy yourself something in jail you
work in the end the work the money
is exchanges so it depends on what it
depends on what the product is with which you
are getting rich and in which you are
collaborating to get rich this is
like the typical one not the typical one of Oh it's that
this brand has hired a
lot of people from Africa and pays them
one euro for each boot and then the boots are worth
200 euros but the thing is that I
like these boots But the thing is that I am going to
buy these boots but they are the
most comfortable ones, the ones with the most
quality I can give you a thousand examples but
none of them seem like a tiktoker or
an Instagram it's not the same because you  you
are with me what I
enrich myself from is the relationship between you and me
that also the gossip the topics
And such But you like to see it
with me Let's see rib come on it's not the
same It's not the same as a
music not the same a product is not the
same as long as you don't defend the
indefensible being free I'm not going to
judge someone for continuing to see the
content of x or continue listening to the
music of x or such even if that person
is canceled but yes if you
defend it you're going to seem like a shitty
person the clown don't know dude well a
tweet the other day that I read it saying
something like jk rowling Isa Isa Homie or
something like that I'm going to buy Mazo mazojuegos
referring to referring to the game
like that no longer eh ocelot is in his in his
Dark era Hey you it's that I already feel
that it's bat it's that it's like the
problem with this is that you are a way you
adopt the character of wanting to go
viral at the base of pissing people off and
such And many times that character in the
end ends up eating you and you become
100% I don't know about that. You're
pretty confused about that.
If you think that, no, if you think that
these people you're mentioning haven't been canceled enough.
[Music]